hi I'm Miriam from BBC good food and
welcome to Friday night cocktails I'm
going to show you how to make a sidecar
which is a really simple cocktail and
then a sidecar mocktail so the alcohol
free versions first thing I need is my
glass now I'm using a cute girls and
what you want to do is put it in the
fridge so it's nice and chilled that's
pretty much all the hard work done
together so I just need my cocktail
shaker I'm using a three piece or a
cobbler but any cocktail shaker will do
okay you might have one like this which
is a Boston shaker which is a reinforced
glass and a tin they just use any water
glass and you might have one just two
teams that's quite a lot of ones with
the preserving feeling I've got my
shaker and my lemon juice and that's the
first day
that's $25 lemon juice to that I'm gonna
add some triple sec or orange liqueur or
if you can't get that you can actually
blitz and marmalade so it be 50 grams of
marmalade to 170 miles of baka blitz
data and sip it and that would be that
would be a good replacement switch of
the SEC but here I've got it so amusing
25 mils in there with the lemon juice a
third and final ingredient that I need
is this recipe is traditionally with
cognac I think it's quite good
and now for the ice you've got an ice
cube tray then you like for you hold the
net then please a tray and then just
keep dancing
and then shake it however you feel
comfortable so I have to shake it to sip
one hand but you might want to put the
other hand underneath and shake it until
the outside is really icy which means
[Music]
yeah that's a sidecar they're just three
ingredients lemon juice triple sec and
cognac now I'm gonna make a sidecar
mocktail and that's really as easy as
the other one just with one actual
ingredient so what I'm going to use for
that is this which is lapsang souchong
tea it's quite smoky tea neither before
it may even be a bit easier to get at
the moment because it might not be as in
demand and you can use either the
teabags okay
[Music]
[Applause]
and there yeah sidecar and a sidecar
bobtail happy Friday